README.md, before:

# Scripts to convert OpenVAS SVN repos to git

## Steps to convert an OpenVAS module to a git repository

### 1. Create a new config

  ```sh
  $EDITOR <config file>
  ```

  Add the following variables to the config file

  ```sh
  USERNAME=<username for svn repo access>
  MODULE=<module name e.g. openvas-manager>
  TAGS_MODULE=$MODULE # name may be different from $MODULE
  BRANCH_MODUE=$MODULE # name may be different from $MODULE
  GIT_REPO_PATH=<path to created git repo> # e.g /path/to/manager-git
  ```

### 2. Run init script

  ```
  $ /path/to/convert-repo/init.sh /path/to/<config file>
  ```

### 3. Update created authors file

  ```sh
  cd <path to created git repo>
  $EDITOR authors-transform-<module name>.txt
  ```

### 4. Convert svn repo by fetching commits

  ```sh
  cd <path to created git repo>
  git svn fetch
  ```

### 5. Create a .gitignore file from svnignore

  ```sh
  cd <path to created git repo>
  git svn show-ignore > .gitignore
  ```

### 6. Convert tags to git tags

  svn tags are fetched as git branches. Now convert them to real git tags

  ```sh
  cd <path to created git repo>
  /path/to/convert-repo/convert-tags.sh
  ```

Commit message:

Update README for git-svn
apt install git-svn

README.md, after:

# Scripts to convert OpenVAS SVN repos to git

The available scripts are using git-svn for converting the svn repositories to
git. This procedure doesn't require file access to the svn server. To install
git-svn on Debian based systems run

```
apt-get install git-svn
```

## Steps to convert an OpenVAS module to a git repository

### 1. Create a new config

  ```sh
  $EDITOR <config file>
  ```

  Add the following variables to the config file

  ```sh
  USERNAME=<username for svn repo access>
  MODULE=<module name e.g. openvas-manager>
  TAGS_MODULE=$MODULE # name may be different from $MODULE
  BRANCH_MODUE=$MODULE # name may be different from $MODULE
  GIT_REPO_PATH=<path to created git repo> # e.g /path/to/manager-git
  ```

### 2. Run init script

  ```
  $ /path/to/convert-repo/init.sh /path/to/<config file>
  ```

### 3. Update created authors file

  ```sh
  cd <path to created git repo>
  $EDITOR authors-transform-<module name>.txt
  ```

### 4. Convert svn repo by fetching commits

  ```sh
  cd <path to created git repo>
  git svn fetch
  ```

### 5. Create a .gitignore file from svnignore

  ```sh
  cd <path to created git repo>
  git svn show-ignore > .gitignore
  ```

### 6. Convert tags to git tags

  svn tags are fetched as git branches. Now convert them to real git tags

  ```sh
  cd <path to created git repo>
  /path/to/convert-repo/convert-tags.sh
  ```
